[SPEC] Expand spec with new discussions, processes (#99)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/src/_pages/docs/3_embedding-blocks.mdx

This guide covers a few key points to consider when writing or updating an application to use blocks,
and is a companion to the [embedding application section of the block protocol specification](https://blockprotocol.org/spec/embedding-applications).

> You can also check out [the source code of our example embedding application, HASH](https://github.com/hashintel/hash).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also [check out the source code](https://github.com/hashintel/hash/tree/main/packages/hash) of example embedding applications, such as [HASH](https://hash.ai/platform/hash).
```
